# Title of your dataset

Provide a concise and informative title for your dataset that
accurately reflects its content.

## Introduction

In this section, provide an overview of your dataset and describe the
project in which the dataset was collected. Highlight the purpose,
scope, and potential uses of your dataset. Also, consider including
links to relevant publications or resources that provide additional
context.

## Prerequisites

Include any necessary prerequisites for using your dataset, such as
specific software or hardware requirements. Provide clear
instructions for how to access, download, and use your data files.

## Contents 

### Folder structure

Describe the organization of your data package, including the contents
of each folder and the files it contains. Use tables or file trees to
make it easy for users to understand your data structure. Consider
also including any related datasets that users might find useful.

### File naming conventions 

Provide a clear and consistent naming convention for your dataset
files. Explain the meaning behind the naming conventions used.

### File formats 

Describe the file format(s) used in your dataset and the software
required to open them. 

## Data Collection (optional)

If applicable, describe the research questions or hypotheses that
guided the collection of your dataset. Explain the data collection
methods, including any ethical considerations taken into account.

## Codebook 

Provide a codebook that explains the variables in your dataset. This
is particularly important for tabular data, but it is useful for any
other type of file as well. Include at least the variable name, a
brief description, and the data type. Use a format similar to the
following:

| Variable | Description             | Data type |
|----------|-------------------------|-----------|
| my_var   | Description of the variable | Data type, e.g. string, integer |

## License

Include a license that allows others to use and share your work.
Consider using an open data license such as the [Creative Commons
licenses](https://creativecommons.org/licenses). For example:

> This work is licensed under a [Creative Commons Attribution 4.0 International License](https://creativecommons.org/licenses/by/4.0/).

## Citation (optional)

Provide clear instructions on how to cite your dataset or related
publications in a research paper or publication.

## Contact 

Include contact information for questions or comments about your
dataset. You can also provide clear instructions for how users can
provide feedback, contribute, or suggest improvements to your work. 
